# Cookie Notice

This Cookie Notice applies to your use of pre-commit.ci, any related websites,
applications, or services owned and operated by pre-commit ci, LLC
("**pre-commit.ci**", "**we**", "**us**", "**our**"). We use certain
technologies to collect information through pre-commit.ci Services. In this
Cookie Notice, we refer to these technologies, which include HTTP cookies,
local storage, pixel tags and, web beacons, collectively as “cookies.” This
notice explains the different types of cookies used to provide our Services
and how you can control them. We may change this Cookie Notice at any time.

When you visit our website [https://pre-commit.ci](https://pre-commit.ci) (the
"**Website**"), and more generally, use any of our services (the
"**Services**", which include the Website), you are accepting the information
handling practices and storage and access of cookies as described in this
Cookie Notice.

We hope that this notice helps you understand, and feel more confident about,
our use of cookies. If you have any further queries, please contact us at
[privacy@pre-commit.ci](mailto:privacy@pre-commit.ci).

**What is a Cookie?**

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device. They are widely
used in order to make websites and software applications work, or work in a
better, more efficient way. They can do this because websites and software
applications can read and write these files, enabling them to recognize a
particular device and remember important information that will make your use
of a website or software application more convenient.

**What Cookies do we use and why do we use them?**

Below we list the different types of cookies we may use to provide our
Services.

- We use session cookies (that last until you close your browser).

Below lists our **Cookie IDs** and **Purposes**:

```table
=r=
    =c= `session`
    =c= Authentication & authorization
```

**How do I control Cookies?**

You may also refuse to accept cookies from our Services at any time by activatin
 the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. Further
information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be
found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen. For
additional guidance please visit the
[Digital Advertising Alliance’s Ad Choices] page. Please be aware that if
cookies are disabled, not all features of our Services may operate as intended.

[Digital Advertising Alliance’s Ad Choices]: https://youradchoices.com/choices-faq
